Add PostgreSQL backup/restore process by using KubeStash (#670)
kubedb/docs: docs/guides/postgres/backup/kubestash/application-level/index.md

```yaml
apiVersion: core.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupConfiguration
metadata:
  name: sample-postgres-backup
  namespace: demo
spec:
  target:
    apiGroup: kubedb.com
    kind: Postgres
    namespace: demo
    name: sample-postgres
  backends:
    - name: gcs-backend
      storageRef:
        namespace: demo
        name: gcs-storage
      retentionPolicy:
        name: demo-retention
        namespace: demo
  sessions:
    - name: frequent-backup
      scheduler:
        schedule: "*/5 * * * *"
        jobTemplate:
          backoffLimit: 1
      repositories:
        - name: gcs-postgres-repo
          backend: gcs-backend
          directory: /postgres
          encryptionSecret:
            name: encrypt-secret
            namespace: demo
      addon:
        name: postgres-addon
        tasks:
          - name: manifest-backup
          - name: logical-backup
```

- `.spec.sessions[*].schedule` specifies that we want to backup at `5 minutes` interval.
- `.spec.target` refers to the targeted `sample-postgres` PostgreSQL database that we created earlier.

> - `.spec.sessions[*].addon.tasks[*].name[*]` specifies that both the `manifest-backup` and `logical-backup` will be taken together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.spec.sessions[*].addon.tasks[*].name[*]` specifies that both the `manifest-backup` and `logical-backup` tasks will be executed. 
```

      path: repository/v1/frequent-backup/dump
      phase: Succeeded
      resticStats:
      - hostPath: dumpfile.sql
        id: 4b820700710f9f7b6a8d5b052367b51875e68dcd9052c749a686506db6a66374
        size: 3.345 KiB
        uploaded: 3.634 KiB
      size: 1.135 KiB
    manifest:
      driver: Restic
      duration: 7.477728298s
      integrity: true
      path: repository/v1/frequent-backup/manifest
      phase: Succeeded
      resticStats:
      - hostPath: /kubestash-tmp/manifest
        id: 9da4d1b7df6dd946e15a8a0d2a2a3c14776351e27926156770530ca03f6f8002
        size: 3.064 KiB
        uploaded: 1.443 KiB
      size: 2.972 KiB
  conditions:
  - lastTransitionTime: "2024-09-05T09:08:03Z"
    message: Recent snapshot list updated successfully
    reason: SuccessfullyUpdatedRecentSnapshotList
    status: "True"
    type: RecentSnapshotListUpdated
  - lastTransitionTime: "2024-09-05T09:08:49Z"
    message: Metadata uploaded to backend successfully
    reason: SuccessfullyUploadedSnapshotMetadata
    status: "True"
    type: SnapshotMetadataUploaded
  integrity: true
  phase: Succeeded
  size: 4.106 KiB
  snapshotTime: "2024-09-05T09:08:03Z"
  totalComponents: 2
```

> > KubeStash uses a logical backup approach to take backups of target `PostgreSQL` databases. Therefore, the component name for logical backups is set as `dump`. Do the same for auto-backup, application backup and customize backup if necessary.

Reviewer: This line is not clear.
